hello everyone how are you
welcome to my channel i am m print and
as I promised you here you have a new
video with more information about party
glamorous the first pack of accessories
official of the sims 4 today has been
posted a new official blog with
new information about it
you will have all the links in the
description of the video is worth all the
information that I am going to comment now
much more extended the date of
release has been published and will be the
next Tuesday May 19 the week that
comes and its price will be around ten euros
worth the official price in the USA is 999
dollars so more or less will round those
ten euros at least here in Spain
in this new accessory pack also
to have new hairstyles clothes makeup
complements and new objects according to
the theme
we will have two new objects
interactive ones that will offer new
game possibilities to our
departures these objects are the most
similar to the premium objects of the
history we knew in the sims 3 many
of you sure you will remember
the first is the banquet table and the
second the source of food and drinks
both new objects that can not
Missing in the parties of our sims
you will be seeing these objects in the
images of the video as many of you have
asked about this package of
only repeat accessories will only be
available in digital format via origin
ok I'll leave the link to source when
is available in the description of
this video that so nothing guys we
we see for more information about this
pack of accessories on the next TV
sims next Sunday and this is it
what we know today until you
I recommend following me in my networks
social networks on twitter and on facebook
be informed to the day and at the moment of
everything that happens in the universe of
sims and of course on my channel so
you know you liked to leave me your
like comend me what do you think about this
new pack of accessories and see you in
next videos of the chao channel